Vince: Seemed to understand how the tutorial works, enjoys bouncing on the walls on purpose, seemed startled when entering hamburger wizard fight "What the hell?!"
did not figure out that you can hold click magic missile until the 3rd room and then immediately stopped hold clicking on the room after figuring it out, "why is he stuck there" referring to the ghost
"why, whyyy" when entering the giant skeleton room, angry when died, slammed the table lightly "Crap", got bubble shot "this feels alot better now", feels like ghost movement needs to be reworked
Very focused when playing through rooms, Got into a difficult room "Ahh!", Seems to really enjoy the bubble shot spell "Bubbleeeesss!", did not figure out that you could destroy bone piles.
Feedback: Liked first boss difficulty, switching weapons was difficult maybe use 1, 2, 3, ghost felt awkward as soon as it reached the corner, liked necromancer "cool", All healthbars are hard to see
maybe put numbers (5/10 etc.), Maybe change press f to talk to press f to continue, magic missile seems too slow, overall fun game.

Brandon: skipped tutorial, just pressed start, also did not realize he could hold click, "Oh i didn't die in 5 minutes for once", died on second room, gave me a sarcastic look and hand expression
upset because game is too difficult, does not want to play tutorial, confused about weird flicker on entering a room (the onenter orientation timer), "Where are all the health packs"
Feedback: Too difficult.

Nicholas: Tutorial is not thorough enough (flock more), hard to get a feel for the combat from tutorial fight, add an animation for grabbing stat upgrades, make restarting the tutorial a different key,
Boss intros, Ghost movement feels awkward, Hard to notice low on health, pickups colliding with bullets?, pretty hard to kill stuff, "Water stream is way more powerfull than magic missile!",
Knowing attack patterns feels good, water stream is very powerful.
Feedback: Combat feeling slow (difficult to hit stuff to a frustrating point), not enough health pickups(maybe), water stream felt alot better than magic missile, transitions are too abrupt,
going into the boss fight with low health tends to make it just too difficult (maybe put health pickups that appear during the fight (pile of bones spawns health pickups?)), did not really enjoy the game,
Sound effects add a bit but could be improved alot, kind of feels unfinished (smooth out the game, add more feedback for things like taking damage).


Sage: dance with da music. playing one handed? trying to skip toutoriol. keeps replaying tutoriol. over and over... finally... dumb hamberger. can mover hamberger wiz. liked the death animation. want to 
make a buton to replay doesnt know what those enemys were first level. still no cooldown bar. easy to make. doesnt see water stream bc he doesnt have it. fade ability doesnt insta fade. having fun with buble shot.
buble shot sucks. doesnt know that necro spawns skeletons. frustration. and heart stuck in box :(. heart upgrade doesnt understand. gets scared every time enters room. doesnt like random gen. cant get past first level.
cant sprint. COOLDOWN BAR PLZ. doesnt know what score is. COOLDOWN BAR. RAGE. LOVES DEV SHOT. not play testing anymore. RAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1. forgot fade again. died with dev shot. says going to rage quit. not fun game
done with this game to much rage. 
Feedback: Too hard (for bad players), 1st boss was pretty good, Sage really wants a cooldown bar, art needs work.
